docs(release-notes): add CanfarSP 2025.1 announcement and version info (#33)
opencadc/canfar: docs/release-notes.md

# CANFAR Science Platform 2025.1

!!! success "CANFAR Science Platform 2025.1"

>     **Dear CANFAR Community,**
> 
>     We are pleased to announce a major milestone for the CANFAR Science Platform:
> 
>     - **September 9, 2025**: Completed transition from beta system (released 2021) to production
>     - **CanfarSP 2025.1**: Our first official production release 
>     - **Release Cycle**: Beginning of regular CANFAR Science Platform production releases
> 
>     **Key Highlights:**
>     
>     - **New & Improved Documentation**: Now available at [https://www.opencadc.org/canfar](https://www.opencadc.org/canfar)
>     - **Official Release Notes**: Detailed highlights are provided below
> 
>     **For Canadian community:** If you have written scripts using the deprecated skaha python package or API v0, please migrate to the new CANFAR python client/CLI and API v1. Note that this release is distinct from the Arbutus cloud refresh (anticipated October 2025) and the maintenance downtime scheduled this weekend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

    We are pleased to announce a major milestone for the CANFAR Science Platform:  On September 9, 2025, we completed a transition from a beta system, initially released in 2021, to our first production release, CanfarSP 2025.1, marking the beginning of an official CANFAR Science Platform production release cycle.  

This latest version of CanfarSP is ready for use on [www.canfar.net](https://www.canfar.net/), and is also available for deployments to pick up across SRCNet.

One of the highlights of this release is **New & Improved documentation**, now available here:
    [https://www.opencadc.org/canfar](https://www.opencadc.org/canfar/latest/release-notes/).
The documentation includes the official CanfarSP 2025.1 release notes
    https://www.opencadc.org/canfar/latest/release-notes/
detailing all highlights of this release, including:

    - [Official Release](https://www.opencadc.org/canfar/latest/client/home/) of the **CANFAR Python Client & Command Line Interface (CLI)**
    - **Smart Node  and Job Launching** — choose between flexible (auto-scaling) and fixed resources when launching a session.
    - **skaha REST API - Transition from v0 to v1** (with backwards compatibility)
    - **Portal Enhancements** — Home directory & quota display
    - **CARTA 5.0**: Radio astronomy visualization tool ([August 2025 Release](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kBtYjclOn5bxlvkV5a588DtUKy3UEqPXL78IiTVAMUk/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.9m3bw7vn40ea))
    - **Firefly**: IVOA-compliant catalogue browsing and visualization platform

And, for deployers, the addition of **Kueue for cloud-native job scheduling** for both batch and interactive sessions.

If you have written scripts to launch sessions (headless, interactive, etc.) on the science platform via the now deprecated skaha python package or directly with curl, please switch to the new [CANFAR python client or CLI](https://www.opencadc.org/canfar/latest/client/home/). If you access the API directly, please switch the reference to skaha/v1 from skaha/v0 as soon as possible.
```

Author: <img width="646" height="231" alt="Screenshot 2025-09-10 at 2 54 09 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7591e93f-be6e-415a-9bd5-f100947755e1" />
We already set a `Highlights` section separately, do we need to move this section to the top, within the announcement?

Reviewer: Oh, no we don't.  Sorry about that, and good catch.

Reviewer: Let me revise my suggestion here...

    #### Deployment
    - Use the offically supported helm charts in the [opencadc/deployments](https://github.com/opencadc/deployments/tree/main/helm/applications/skaha) for CANFAR 2025.1 deployments.
    - To test, profile and setup the Kueue scheduling system, see the [deployment guide](https://github.com/opencadc/deployments/tree/main/configs/kueue) for detailed instructions.

### 📦 Release Components

!!! abstract "Python Client & CLI"
    **canfar 1.0.0** - [PyPI Link](https://pypi.org/project/canfar/1.0.0)

!!! abstract "Platform Components"  
    - **base** `0.4.0`
    - **cavern** `0.7.0` → `images.opencadc.org/platform/cavern:0.9.0`
    - **skaha** `1.0.3` → `images.opencadc.org/platform/skaha:1.0.2`
    - **posix-mapper** `0.4.4` → `images.opencadc.org/platform/posix-mapper:0.3.2`
    - **science-portal** `1.0.0` → `images.opencadc.org/platform/science-portal:1.0.0`

>     - **storage-ui** `0.6.0` → `images.opencadc.org/client/storage-ui:1.3.0`

Reviewer: You probably missed this, but there's now a table that you should include that has a column for the helm chart version and the image id.

Author: Converted the table to the list style for compact space, which will look like the following:

- **posix-mapper** `0.4.4` → `images.opencadc.org/platform/posix-mapper:0.3.2`
- **science-portal** `1.0.0` → `images.opencadc.org/platform/science-portal:1.0.0`
- **storage-ui** `0.6.0` → `images.opencadc.org/client/storage-ui:1.3.0`
- **posix-mapper** `0.4.4` → `images.opencadc.org/platform/posix-mapper:0.3.2`

Changed it back to the table now:
<img width="715" height="421" alt="Screenshot 2025-09-10 at 3 00 22 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c131907d-951c-410a-825f-2d89de2230e6" />

    #### Deployment
    - Use the offically supported helm charts in the [opencadc/deployments](https://github.com/opencadc/deployments/tree/main/helm/applications/skaha) for CANFAR 2025.1 deployments.
    - To test, profile and setup the Kueue scheduling system, see the [deployment guide](https://github.com/opencadc/deployments/tree/main/configs/kueue) for detailed instructions.

### 📦 Release Components

!!! abstract "Python Client & CLI"
    **Python Client for CANFAR Science Platform** - Programmatic access to sessions, storage, and platform features.
    
    **canfar 1.0.0** - [PyPI Link](https://pypi.org/project/canfar/1.0.0)

> !!! abstract "Platform Components"  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! abstract "Helm Charts and Images"  
```
